Update history section content and enable markdown rendering for text (#55)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/neurodatawithoutborders.github.io: content/about-us/_index.md

    
    3. Establishing an open community development model
    
    4. Refining the core data standard based on community feedback
    
    
    The technical redevelopment of NWB 2.0 was led by scientific software engineers at LBNL, principally Dr. Oliver Rübel and Andrew Tritt, working in close collaboration with neuroscience laboratories and the broader community. This collaboration ensured the format remained scientifically relevant while gaining stronger software engineering foundations. A series of hackathons ([Seattle 2018](/events/hck04-2018-seattle/), [Berkeley 2018](/events/hck05-2018-berkeley/)) helped drive this development.
    
    
    NWB 2.0 was officially released in February 2019, featuring a completely redesigned architecture based on modern software development practices, enhanced extensibility through schema language, improved storage efficiency, and a comprehensive [Python API (PyNWB)](/tools/core/pynwb/) and [MATLAB API (MatNWB)](/tools/core/matnwb/) for programmatic interaction with NWB files. The [Janelia 2019 hackathon](/events/hck06-2019-janelia/) celebrated this milestone release.
    
    ## Community Growth and Governance (2019-Present)
    
    

>     Following the release of NWB 2.0, the project established a formal [governance structure](/working-groups/) to ensure sustainability and community-driven development. This structure consists of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Following the release of NWB 2.0, the project established a formal [governance structure](/team/) to ensure sustainability and community-driven development. This structure consists of:
```
